[test optimization] Better `DD_TEST_SESSION_NAME` explanation (#27639)
DataDog/documentation: content/en/tests/troubleshooting/_index.md

- `ui-tests`
- `backend-tests`

## Test Impact Analysis does not show any time saved

> This is also caused by an unstable test session fingerprint. See [section above][17] for more information.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This is also caused by an unstable test session fingerprint. See the [Session history, performance or code coverage tab only show a single execution](#session-history-performance-or-code-coverage-tab-only-show-a-single-execution) section for more information.
```

[14]: /tests/#supported-features
[15]: /agent/configuration/network/
[16]: /tests/network/

> [17]: #session-history-performance-or-code-coverage-tab-only-show-a-single-execution

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```
